By developing the new information system, the call management centre will be able to more efficiently route customers to the appropriate managers so that they can fulfill the customemr's requests. From the use cases created, customers have identified that they do not want wait in queue for a long period of time before being attended and to also not make any follow-up calls after the current session has ended. By developing the new system, it allows the requirements to of the customers to be satisfied in a timely manner, which can therefore create a good business reputation for the travel company.

With the development of the new system, a new reminder system will be introduced to allow managers to always be alerted when there is a customer that is waiting to be served. Once the customer has has provided their reasoning for calling, the call management centre (CMS) will route the customer to suitable manager who has extensive knowledge regarding that particular area. These managers are grouped based on their area of expertise and when a customer is forwarded to them but all managers are unavailable, a notification will be displayed on the screens of the managers. This notification will only minimise when the waiting customer has been attended to, to ensure that all customers are served within a timely manner. This will provide the travel company with a competitive advantage over others as customers will be satisfied with the fast service that the new system that will provide which can build a new reputation for the company as a fast and efficient company. This also can increase the amount of customers that are calling to make bookings and enquiries, as the system is desinged to reduce the long queues and wait times which are seen in traditional call management centres. The more efficiently the system can route the customers towards the managers, the more time they have to attend to new customers which can increase their customer base and sales in the long run.

The new information system will also assist and support all employees and managers via providing on-demand information and guidelines to help to maximise the sucessfulness of customer satisfaction and retention. This information may display current packages, special discounts or the customer profile in details to further increase the understanding of the customer relationship by the employees allowing them to use this information when communicating. This highly individualised and curated system will further differentiate themselves from competitors with exemplerary customer service that will provide a significant competitive advantage.

In the case of a failure in implementation of the information system, a significant number of consquences will occur. A significant amount of time and money invested into the project will have been wasted which may cause a huge impact on business development and stall growth or even cause regression. Financial costs concercing interruption of services, productivity due to loss of morale and personnell to fix the issue and even reverting back to an original system will be involved that will cause huge financial lost. This can also cause damange to the company's brand reputation if services were to stall as an incidents involving failure will not inspire customer motivation and cause further damage to the company's development.
