<h1>Executive Summary

The report will address the proposal and development  of a new system to improve the current call management centre (CMC) of a travel company. It will outlint the objectives the system will aim to achieve, as well as identify the relvenat stakeholders assocaited with the system. The report further describes the desgin thinking approach tha was undertaken to establish an ideation based on the requirements of stakeholders. The different scrum activities will be listed and a discussion of the competitive advantages and adverse effects will be examined if the new system fails.

<h1>Introduction
The travel company is currently using a CMC to sell holiday packages to customers. The CMC contacts customers via inbound and outbound calls to advertise the holiday packages and will route a manager to a customer if they have enquiries about the offers. The company wants an updated system that will be able to efficiently route managers to serve customers. The proposal of a new system has been acknowledged and a new system has been in development to address the issue of inefficiency in order to be able to serve more customers. The new system will be developed to achieve the company’s objectives and improve its overall performance to achieve a competitive advantage in the industry. However, the introduction of a new system poses many risks if the system fails, which can internally and externally affect the operation of the company.

<h1>Objectives

The overall objective of this project is to develop and implement an information system that will enhance the call management centre operation and provide a satisfactory experience to both customers and employees. This information system will improve the dynamic call flow control between relationship managers and customers and also match created profiles based on specific characteristics, for example, language proficiencies and age to ensure a higher chance of customer sale and retention. We will need to segment relationship managers based on their expertise and specific knowledge of holiday packages and connect them to interested customers to allow for easy communication regarding their interest. The information system must assist relationship managers with information and guidelines to help them make sales, create accurate up to date profiles and store them in a database for usage. A clear and distinct outbound call system must also be designed to ensure customers have called the right location and keep them on the line.

Thus, the problem statement defined is as follows: The travel company needs an information system that will enhance their in-house call management Centre to assist and allow for precise and more comfortable communication between the relationship manager and the customers to result in customer retention and satisfaction ultimately.

<h1>Stakeholders

The main stakeholders concerning the information system are the relationship managers. They have a significant impact on the system as they will be the leading group to utilise the system and be trained with the knowledge to perform its functions successfully. Executives of the organisation are also stakeholders with high power and high interest as they have a vested business interest in regards to the successfulness of the project and will make the ultimate decision regarding the start and end of the project. Customers and the company itself are stakeholders due to their ability to be heavily impacted by the service. Customers are the main target to satisfy, and in developing the system, we must emphasise with customers to reach our end objectives of customer satisfaction and retention. Additionally, the development team are also considered stakeholders as they are responsible for creation and implementation of the new system. Their duty is to identify the needs of the company, customers and managers to create a solution that satisfies all their requirements.

<h1>Design Thinking

Design thinking promotes people-oriented design. In the first step of understanding the problem we want to solve, design thinking brings us to a higher metacognitive learning state of empathy. We need to understand the user's mentality, hence its importance. We need to tap into their feelings and emotions in order to immerse into their values.

In the second phase, we externalize these findings and re-examine the problem set. Putting them in the context of POV ("point of view") and HMW ("how are we possible ...?") is a powerful method of projecting new light onto the many scattered inputs collected during the empathy phase.

The third stage of the solution conception phase is only after investing a lot of energy to understand the user and determine the correct problem to be solved. We apply different kinds of user case diagrams and empathy maps to demonstrate the relationship between customer and manager.

By analysing the needs of stakeholders, it can be observed that customers want to be served in a timely manner. We can conclude that there are two aspects that we can take into consideration to improve the efficiency between customer and manager. An improvement that can be implemented within the system is a reminder, which will be displayed on the administrator’s screen to notify them that a customer has recently dialed but has not yet been served. This notification can pop up on the manager ’s screen to notify them that they have been blocked on the call to remind them that there are customers waiting for service. Another idea is to divide managers into groups based on the type of client requests. This will create a more efficient system and reduce the queue time when waiting for customers to match their assigned managers.

Our use case diagram is mainly used to illustrate the main event flow of the system. It is mainly used to describe the needs of customers, that is, the actions that users want the system to complete certain functions. It is commonly understood that use cases are functional modules of software, so they are designed for system analysis.

The activity diagrams depict the various activities that occur throughout the operation of the new system. It shows how the system interacts with the customers and managers and provides an overview of the processes that are initiated in the order in which they occur.

The class diagrams formed represent the structure of the new system. It identifies the classes and attributes within the new system, and depicts the relationship between each class to show a detailed visual on how the different classes interact with each other.

The collaboration diagrams depict how objects in a specific use case interact with each other. It identifies the roles and presents the logical flow of events throughout the use case and provides a visual aid for how these flows of events occur.
 

